Mention the Composer repository change in 3.3 update/upgrade (#2266)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_2.5/to_3.3.md

>     It is impossible to update an Enterprise edition (`ezsystems/ezplatform-ee`)
>     to an [[= product_name_content =]] edition.
> 
>     Make sure that composer.json has the following `repositories` entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is impossible to update an Enterprise edition (`ezsystems/ezplatform-ee`)
    to an [[= product_name_content =]] edition.

    Make sure that `composer.json` has the following `repositories` entry:
```

Are these two statements logically related? Or rather they are two separate cautions?

If they are not connected, I would add "Also, " before "make sure that ..."

>     ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```json
```

    "ibexa": {
        "type": "composer",
        "url": "https://updates.ibexa.co"
    }

>     ```

Author: > Maybe also mention that user should ensure that `repository` in `composer.json` is also correct?

@vidarl I now mention it during composer.json merge.

composer update
```

!!! caution

    Composer repository changes between 3.2 and 3.3 from `updates.ez.no` to `updates.ibexa.co`, so you're credential might be outdated.

    `username` and `password` don't change.
    The repository they're used on changes.

>     See [Composer authentication documentation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/authentication-for-private-packages.md) to find the precedure suiting the way you're passing credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [Composer authentication documentation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/authentication-for-private-packages.md) to find the precedure that suits the way you're passing credentials.
```

>    In production, replace the old one by the new one.
>    But as a developer, you may have to go back to earlier version, and should keep the old repository as well.
>    For example, your `auth.json` may looks like this:
> 
>    ```json
>    {
>         "http-basic": {
>             "updates.ibexa.co": {
>                 "username": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz012345",
>                 "password": "6789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz01"
>             },
>             "updates.ez.no": {
>                 "username": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz012345",
>                 "password": "6789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz01"
>             }
>         }
>     }
>    ```

Author: ```suggestion
    In production, replace the old repository by the new one.
    But as a developer, you may need to go back to earlier version, and should keep the old repository as well.
    For example, your `auth.json` may look like this:

    ```json
    {
        "http-basic": {
            "updates.ibexa.co": {
                "username": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz012345",
                "password": "6789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz01"
            },
            "updates.ez.no": {
                "username": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz012345",
                "password": "6789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz01"
            }
        }
    }
    ```
```
